Once again, thank you very much for submitting your manuscript "A practical guide for big data acquisition" for publication in the journal Business & Information Systems Engineering.
We evaluate all incoming papers regarding their fit with the aims and scope of the journal. This should avoid a lengthy review process with little chances for a positive evaluation and save your time.

Research published in the BISE journal is required to relate to information systems or IT and it should address a managerial question. In your case, we've decided to return the paper as we believe the fit with the journal needs to be better motivated, before we pass it on to one of our department editors. It seems the article would be better suited for a practitioners outlet. There needs to be a clear scientific contribution to the literature and the paper needs to be proofread. At this point, we believe the chances for a successful evaluation are low.

Nevertheless, I would like to offer you the possibility to submit your revised manuscript. If you consider a new submission, please look at earlier papers published in the BISE journal regarding contents, style, and language and make sure to check the selected department. You can find a list of Departmental Editorial Statements on our website: http://www.bise-journal.com/?page_id=100

We would be glad if you still considered Business & Information Systems Engineering as publication platform for your research.

Yours sincerely
4.	Information Systems and E-Business Management
a.	I submitted 21 December 2016
b.	https://www.editorialmanager.com/iseb/Default.aspx
5.	Gazi Journal of Science ve Gazi International Journal of Informatics 13 Mart 2017 itibariyle yayın kabul etmiyor.
6.	Information Systems and e-Business Management
a.	Dear Mr. ŞİRİN,

Reviewers' comments on your work have now been received.  You will see that they are advising against publication of your work. Therefore I must reject it.

For your guidance, I append the reviewers' comments below.

Thank you for giving us the opportunity to consider your work.

Yours sincerely

Michael J. Shaw
Editor-in-Chief
Information Systems and e-Business Management

Reviewers' comments:

Thank you for submitting your paper to ISeB. For the interest of the authors and for not to let them wait too long unnecessarily, ISeB has a policy of using a screening process before the formal review to determine to suitability of any submitted manuscript.

After such a screening process, the editor of ISeB has decided that your paper just submitted is not suitable for publication in the journal. The reason could be a lack of technical content, theoretical foundation, or application domain targeted by ISeB. We understand this may not reflect the quality of the effort put in, but simply the suitability.

We wish you the best to be able place your paper perhaps in a more suitable journal outlet successfully. Thanks for your interest.
